-   I can also authorize the user through the request, in the ''authorize'' function, should I do it?
-   do i have to cancel the comments and notes on deleted tickets when i delete the users?

---

-   can i delete admins? what happens to tickets assigned to them?
-   where should the fetching action go? (solved)
-   In the new assignements there is the directive of always pulling out the complete set of data from the backend, but in the service folder that I used, the store updates by id (fine as it was)
-   Exceptions? (I used them)
-   Check why the refreshing of the tickets does not work after deleting user
-   Remember token? (no)
-   there are problems with the aria hidden (leave them)

-   the categories completely reload when i delete one. why? (solved)
-   Who can edit the comments? only the admins? why? Only their own comments, i suppose (no, everybody can edit their own comments)
-   How do I stop unauthorized users? Do I have to do it with sanctum? (no, frontend is fine)
-   How do i handle the categories in the edit? (with sync)
-   I had to change the RequestPasswordData type so that it has the email inside
-   what is guest login for?
-   The "register with token" function is for when i send a confirmation email with a link to complete the registration? or is it getuser by token?
-   How do i intercept and display axios errors with sanctum?
-   app.ts complains about the type of the routes
-   it keeps the history in the query, but it gives problems with the routing. why?
-   do i filter with the store or the controller? --> i did it with the store
-   should i create another domain called auth? -->done
-   bug in services/router/factory/index, during definitions of reoutes: it should be component: component, instead of just conponent

-   how do i make it reload the resources after login? --->done
-   there is a modal, but no bootstrap and it looks like shit
-   The function for checking if someone is logged blocks everything --> solved
-   It does not redirect ---> solved
-   It does not reload the tickets when you log in ---> solved
-   It does load the tickets when you log out though ---> solved
-   I needed to add .data to the data from the controllers. It does not seem to unwrap. Why? --- solved boot() methode in je AppServiceProvider : JsonResource::withoutWrapping();

---

-   How to make the tickets reload?
-   Only one category per ticket? Multiple
-   Can normal users post comments? Yes
-   What is the difference between notes and comments? Only who sees them?
-   Do i need the timestamps on everything? yes
-   Where do i put the store for the login? AuthController?
-   If you are having trouble authenticating with your application from an SPA that executes on a separate subdomain, what does that mean??
